https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-30036 (#8746)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: gitops/gitops_enable_olm.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[#gitops-enable-olm]

> = Enabling OLM-based deployment

Reviewer: We have a conref for OLM, and lets turn that around to take out the hyphen:

Enabling a deployment based on {olm}

[role="_abstract"]

> If you enable {gitops} add-on without the Argo CD Agent, it is strongly recommended to enable OLM-based deployment for {ocp-short} managed clusters. [NEED TO ADD BENEFIT]

Reviewer: Need to rethink/reword: it is strongly recommended

.Prerequisites

- Are there any prereqs?

.Procedure

> To enable the OLM-based deployment, complete the following steps:

Reviewer: same through out--OLM conref and try to remove hyphen.

> . On your hub cluster, create a `GitOpsCluster` resource with the `olmSubscription` enabled by adding the following YAML sample:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On your hub cluster, create a `GitOpsCluster` resource with the `olmSubscription` value set `enabled: true` in the `gitopsAddon` section. See the following YAML sample:
```

> 

Reviewer: We should always try to call out the spec that completes the job we are telling them to do. Here, the important piece is:

  gitopsAddon:
    enabled: true
    olmSubscription:
      enabled: true

It helps a nonsighted user and it helps a sighted user know where to focus,

Reviewer: Everything else looks good.

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: apps.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
kind: GitOpsCluster
metadata:
  name: gitops-clusters-olm
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  argoServer:
    argoNamespace: openshift-gitops
  placementRef:
    kind: Placement
    apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
    name: all-openshift-clusters
    namespace: openshift-gitops
  gitopsAddon:
    enabled: true
    olmSubscription:
      enabled: true
----

. Apply the YAML sample by running the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc apply -f gitopscluster-example.yaml
----

.Additional resources

> - xref:../gitops/gitops_addon_without_argocd.adoc#enable-gitops-addon-without-argocd[Enabling {gitops} add-on without the Argo CD Agent]

Reviewer: no bullet needed here since it is just one topic

> - xref:../gitops/gitops_addon_without_argocd.adoc#enable-gitops-addon-without-argocd[Enabling {gitops} add-on without the Argo CD Agent]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use {gitops} without the Argo CD Agent, see xref:../gitops/gitops_addon_without_argocd.adoc#enable-gitops-addon-without-argocd[Enabling {gitops} add-on without the Argo CD Agent]
```
